Week 2 notes:
--------------------

The identifier is nothing more than a name. A sequence of characters of numbers, letters, an underscore(_), or a dollar sign ($). It cannot start with a digit. Not more than 10 characters long. 

Keywords are reserved for use by Java and are always spelled with all lowercase letters. 

Variables:
1st step is to declare a variable. Specify what is the type of value that is going to get stored in that variable.
	example: int x;
characters are specified with single quotes.

You can define constants by declaring a datatype before the contants name. 
When declaring constants use all uppercase, unlike normal variables. This is the java naming convention.
if there are multiple words in a constants name than make sure they are both uppercase and seperated by underscore.

The difference between datatypes is the amount of data or bits that it can store.


String type:
represents a sequence of characters. Use the data type called String.
String message = "Welcome to Java";
*String data type is not a primitive data type like int, char, double.

A feature of string is (+) operator, what is does is it concatonates multiple strings together. You can concatonate strings with as make data types as you want and the final result will be a string.

*as homework try the code in the Note section of the week2 pdf. Try different types of conditionals and see the results.

If you have a statement that you want to run multiple times than you should use and iterator loop like while loop.
	while(count <100){
		system.out.println("Welcome to Java444");
	}

do while loop:
do{
	
}while(condition = true);

for loop:
for(initial-action; loop-continuation-condition; action-after-each-iteration){

}


switch statements:
-very specific cases in which this iterator is used. The same sytax as c, c++

Type Casting:
casting from one type to another type
int i = (int)1.0;

*There are no assignments in this course, you must do the practice assignments in order to learn and pass the exam.